62 ORTHOEPIA, Or,

 

Fer-taine brief& thles of spellinq reduced to a melhosl.

Y spelling Ι understand the due ordring of syl—

lables in a just proportion, as they are to be
together eomprehended under their severall aeeents:
61· 11 certain way of attributing to every syllable its 5
true quantity or measure in the number of letters
therto belonging3 whether as an integrall part of a
word, or eonstituting the whole.

To this is requisite first to know the number of
syllables in every word,v then their division. 10

For the number, we will produce a generall in-
stance, though not without its exceptions.

The Latines have it as an infallible and certaine
rule in this kind: That so many vowels or dipthongs,
as are in a word, so many syllables. But we must 15
frame it 111 the English Tongue with more circum-
stanoe, whieh shall be thus.

So many ¹2¹0⁴20els‚ as occurre in any word, to be
produced under diverse aeeem‘S‚ ον with severall
moliens of brealln'ny, so many syllables. 20

I put this distinction as a restraint to the
generality of the rule, by reason of these exeeptioiis.

First of the dipthongs, where two vowels eomming
together, are joyntly eomprehended under one aecent.

Secondly, of the Tripthongs‚ where three vowels 25
are together combined in one syllable.

Thirdly‚ of E finall; which (as 1 said before)
serves either to make the precedent vowell long,
that goes before it in the same syllable, as in
Alclzymz'e, where A is short, and ale, where Ago
is made long by E sueeeeding L: or for a dif-
fereneo in the pronunciation of G, as in rany,

of ring3 and rcmye or stray, &e or to add some
life

